Now, let's look at why is it important.
Historically, we've found that not testing the application correctly
has resulted in a lot of problems including loss of lives.
Back in 2015, Bloomberg terminal in London crashed due to
software glitch affecting more than 300,000 traders in the financial market.
So this was one example of a big problem that not testing the application led to.
It forced the government to postpone a three billion pound debt sale.
There had been an issue with Nissan cars where they had to recall a million cars
in the market due to a software failure in their airbag sensory detectors.
There were two accidents that were caused by this software failure.
One more example is of the Starbucks issue.
Starbucks was forced to close out 60 percent of their stores in
the US and Canada due to a software failure in the point of sale systems.
At one point, the company had to give free coffee
to all of their customers because they were unable to process their transactions.
Another case was when
Amazon's third-party retailers saw that their products were priced at one cent.
This was due to a software glitch again.
This obviously led to a lot of heavy losses.
Another issue that became extremely famous
or infamous was the vulnerability in Windows 10.
Now, what happened was that the bug enabled the users to
escape security sandboxes to a flaw in the Windows 32 K systems.
One more issue that happened which was pretty famous in
2015 was the fighter plane F35 which fell victim to a software bug,
making it an unable to detect targets correctly.
The China Airline Airbus A300 crashed due to a software bug in 1994,
killing 264 innocent people.
In 1985, Canada's Therac-25 radiation therapy machine
malfunctioned due to a software bug.
That delivered lethal radiation doses to patients
leaving three people dead and critically injuring three others.
Another costliest or this was the costliest accident in the history was a $1.2
billion military satellite launch which failed because of a software bug.
Another one that I can quote is the one that happened in
May 1996 where a software bug caused the bank accounts of
823 customers of a major US bank to credit $920 million to their customers account.
Now, this should give you an idea about how important testing is.
If it doesn't, then I would suggest that you go read
more on testing failures that are found in production of Ammon.